ECA 5.5 Notes

Day 1
+++++
Super converged vs hyper converged, diff is network
what is the cloud, topics to cover infra services - file block computer
integrated data services - dp / ha
platform services db big data analytics

What is hyper converged
-----------------------

x86 based storage and compute resources
software based sys intel
vit
management
api based automation and rich analytics
..... into a single scalable solution

Covered dell ibm lenovo briefly showing pictures

Discuss diff between node / block / cluster
Covered SED's does a good job of covering this, goes over why sed's differences between, covers compliance, how disk io controller on drive
covers the encryption so no overhead

****Find encryption overhead for software****  This was unknown

Cluster example
---------------

joining multiple nodes in a cluster allows for pooling of resources
storage is presented as a single pool via the controller vm (cvm)
Covers data path from start to finish and covers rdma and ahv turbo  (we should prob have a nustuff or demo for this)

Software only
-------------

covers prism pro features, xfit vm write sizing capacity runway, multiple cluster upgrades etc
covers calm elevator speech
Goes over calm value, describes calm and benefits
goes over acropolys features 
Covers write acknowledgements with rf2 and rf3 and metro, covers metro can be rf2 or rf3 regardless of src
shows all prism licenses 

Storage Pool
------------
covers the different storage pieces, does a great job going over lacking storage vmotion and how to battle that.

AHV
---

hardened enterprise grade hypervisor based on proven open source tech
hypvervisor features - vm networking host profiles rolling upgrades sotrage conf host maint mode
vm features - intelligent placement live migration converged dr / backup image management vmoperations analytics data path optimization 

app mobility fabric

ha  cross hypervisor dr one click hypervisor conversion

covers support portal and what to find, ref architecture best practices kbs etc

Covers Near sync and caveats, uses this as an example of know the feature and when you are proposing it.

Xtract for migration
--------------------

Migrations with one click simplicity near zero applicaiton or vm service outage enables migration testing included with all licenses 

Test questions lab

1) Which two (2) product families comprise the Enterprise Cloud Platform?
a. Kryptonite
b. Acropolis
c. Prism
d. Asteroid

2) What are the three foundational components of Acropolis?
a. Distributed Storage Fabric (DSF)
b. App Mobility Fabric
c. Web Console Runway
d. Acropolis Hypervisor

3) What is the difference between Prism Element and Prism Central?
a. Prism Element = cluster based; Prism Central = Across clusters
b. Prism Element = node based; Prism Central = Across nodes in same block
c. Prism Element = block based; Prism Central = Across physical blocks
d. Prism Element = rack based; Prism Central = Across racks

4) Which of the following two (2) statements are true?
a. Mixing nodes with different processor architectures in the same cluster is supported
b. All-SSD nodes can be mixed with hybrid SSD and HDD nodes in the same cluster
c. Mixing Dell, Lenovo, and Nutanix nodes in the same cluster is supported
d. Encrypted drives (SED) cannot be mixed with unencrypted (non-SED) drives in the same node

5) What software runs within each node and performs specific tasks during cluster operation? Choose three (3).
a. Curator
b. Zookeeper
c. Stargate
d. Quantum

6) What three (3) types of AOS licenses are available?
a. Pro
b. Lite
c. Ultimate
d. Starter

7) Which hypervisors and protocols are supported by Nutanix?
a. ESXi, Oracle VM, and Hyper-V
b. AHV, Parallels Desktop, and ESXi
c. Oracle VM, ESXi, and AHV
d. AHV, ESXi, and Parallels Desktop

8) What protocols are supported by Nutanix?
a. iSCSI, NFS, and Fibre Channel
b. SMB2, SMB3, and NFS
c. NFS, iSCSI, and IMAP
d. iSCSI, NFS, and SMB3

9) What does the acronym “CVM” stand for?
a. Communications Virtual Machine
b. Command Virtual Machine
c. Controller Virtual Machine
d. Collaboration Virtual Machine

now prism / prism central overview 

break down of prism each section very good break down ill see if i can get the slides would be good possibly for nht
goes into each section and subsection for relevant details

NCLI and ACLI
-------------

Goes through differences of ncli and acli 
goes over basic commands how to navigate, things you can only do in ncli (dr resync, uuid for vms, etc)
goes through benefit of running ncli local vs not in the cvm, for offload of resources
examples for acli 

